so an isiand opens this comment with
quote my opinion on a feeble vocabulary
test if you look up the Greek components
that this word is made of it guys it
doesn't it really doesn't make you sound
any better better than just saying
pedophile and this affiliate is this if
they were consenting adult
they were consenting adult I will never
understand why 18 or 19 year olds are
allowed to sign their life away to get
deployed and die in war yet the internet
freaks out when they choose an older
partner here he is quoting someone who
claims her parents of a 23 year age gap
oh we're trying to normalize this his
her her mother was 18 and her dad was 40
now her mom's 57 and their dad is 80 the
legal age of consent in Germany 14 the
legal agent could send in Japan he
claims 13 but Americans will freak out
and call you a pedophile maybe sleep
with people who are 18 plus Oh first and
foremost it's interesting to know that
what he's saying factually is just not
true it's then interesting to reflect on
why he's saying it and a little bit more
philosophically and profoundly it's
interesting to reflect on the difference
between a sincere ethical argument and
an excuse in Germany the absolute age of
consent is 18 under certain
circumstances with certain caveats a 16
year old can get away with it an is he
and if you follow your own advice and
move to Germany and sleep with someone
who's only 14 you can be looking at 3
years in prison no more than 3 years in
jail
that's what stipulated there so I don't
know how you define age of consent but
the possibility of going to prison for
three years for relations with the 14
old I would not say that's the way
people in the English language normally
use the concept of Asia consent the
issue in Japan has to do with regional
law each region has a different age of
consent and in reality nowhere is it
thirteen why why is he presenting us
with these factoids at all is this
really a sincere ethical argument he's
presenting or is he just making excuses
Oh what do you think this is this is a
videotape of venetian playing with dolls
with a teenage girl who is that teenage
girl she's not just anyone in SEN she's
the girl you came out on the internet
and said you wish you had married
instead of your first wife that's your
first wife's younger sister that's the
same girl you kissed at age 15 now
admittedly you and her tell two very
different versions of the story you say
that she kissed you and you ran away
horrified her story is almost 180
degrees the opposite you were at some
kind of a party there was alcohol
involved I don't know she says she was
intoxicated
she says you kissed her she was
horrified and ran away that's there's an
interesting symmetry to those two two
versions of events yeah that's the 15
year old girl who years later after she
was 18
became a nude model appear in softcore
pornography and part of the breakdown of
your relationship with your first wife
part of the reason why your first wife
still hates you to this day is that you
were caught with the pornographic images
of the younger sister that it became
clear to your first wife as she says
here that through it the whole of your
relationship apparently through the
whole of your life and Sen you were
white whale your obsession was this
teenage girl the younger sister of your
first weapon in some ways that obsession
seems to have consumed you look at this
you were still trying to get together
with her you're still trying to get
together with your first wife's younger
sister when you were already dating when
you're already getting set up to get
married to Lainey Lainey the woman who's
now the mother of her children Lainey
who later decided to identify as a man
you kept trying to reconcile with spark
a relationship again with this girl whom
you met whom you first knew playing with
dolls and you did more than just play
with dolls there was a period of his
life when an isiand was not humorously
not joking around he was seriously kind
of setting up a new religion called sis
Eska something like that and engaged in
ghost hunting and believed in
supernatural and superstitious things
and he spent that time he was spending a
lot of quality time with his first wife
and this much younger little sister so
now his first wife has to look back at
all those things and regret you don't
and wonder about his motives in all this
time that they spent together and yep
you know initio is a terrible writer but
if you take the time to pour over this
stuff you're gonna see that he really
makes an effort to have well written
prose here reaching out to the younger
sister he says how much she meant to him
here he's saying you know you've always
been such a cool person in my mind
you're still the person I used to play
video games with you are such an
inspiration to me he specifies that you
know she was an inspiration him from the
first moment when they met quote the
moment I met you I connected with you I
was inspired by your close quote that's
as good as an essence Creative Writing
gasps guys he's really putting in effort
here but how old was she when they first
met she would this is what she was she
was this teenage girl playing with dolls
she was a 15 year old who looked and
sounded and acted like a child and it's
more disturbing that a Missy and himself
also looked and sounded and acted like a
child and they made YouTube videos
together and they went ghost island
hunting together it was an obsession
that in some ways destroyed his
first marriage and in some ways still
seems to be destroying his life
[Music]
what is the difference between making an
excuse and sincerely advancing an
argument about ethics and morality right
and wrong I think when we advance a
sincere argument of that type we're
reflecting on what kind of person we
aspire to be ourselves we're reflecting
on what kind of person we would want
others to be especially the people in
our lives we care about what kind of
person would I want my own brother to
grow up to be my own cousin mountain
nephew my own son and we're reflecting
on what kind of society we want to have
you know what's the sense of dignity and
honor
we live by what's the code of brotherly
love or what have you
right it's got to be scaled up those are
sincere arguments about ethics and
morality and excuses by contrast our
short-term self-centered self-serving
and an insincere by that standard in
that they fail to show a sincere
interest in what kind of society we're
gonna live in what kind of people we're
gonna be or become but oh jeez so you
think you think this is a sincere
argument anisia or is this just an
excuse for your own bad behavior and
this you know let me ask you do you want
to live in a society where thirteen year
olds and fourteen year olds can't go to
McDonald's unaccompanied because adult
men will try to initiate relationships
none is that the kind of society you
want to live in that's that's not the
kind of society I want to live in now
I'm vegan I never go to McDonald's but
whenever I'm in a situation like that
where I'm in a situation where you're in
like a fast-food restaurant or something
and there are a group of 13 year-olds or
14 year-olds hanging out as a group of
friends with a group with them with no
parent overlooking them I know a lot of
people like hate that like oh they're
these unruly kids making noise and
whatever messing up the messing up the
restaurant whenever I look at that I
think wow I'm so glad I don't live in
Saudi Arabia like I'm so
I don't live in a more repressive
traditional cult culture where children
don't have this kind of freedom they
don't have this kind of luxury and I'm
so glad I don't live in a culture where
marriage and men pursuing you know
teenage girls for a relationship where
that makes it impossible because young
people have to be defended against those
kinds of those kinds of overtures so
it's a wonderful luxury to live in a
society where kids that age have a
little bit of freedom and a little bit
of agency to go and go and hang out at a
McDonald's without you know constant
parental supervision
I noticed you only talk about one half
of the equation you say why is it that
eighteen and nineteen years eighteen and
nineteen year olds are allowed to give
their life away sign up for the army but
the 18 year old isn't allowed to choose
to be with an older partner and older
husband and all their wife and older
lover or what have you what about the
decision made by the older person NECN
right I think the ethics of that the
advantages and the disadvantages of that
are really worth reflecting on if you
spend time with 16 year old seventeen
year olds eighteen year olds and to be
clear Sarah the most notorious of
innocents current ex-girlfriend Sarah
she was living in their house raising
their kids spending a lot of time with
them at age 16 17 and 18 you are gonna
have to tolerate an unbelievable level
of abuse of tantrums of bad behavior
because a 16 year old is going to act
like a 16 year old and you have signed
up to tolerate it there's no way that
you as the older party are gonna be able
to treat an 18 year old as accountable
in the same way that you would treat a
28 year old or 38 year old put it this
way in the same way that a 16 year old
will be cruel and insulting to his or
her parents and the parents have to have
the detachment to deal with that and
respond in a way that's sagacious and
helpful and not bench for something I
even think about friendships at age 16
17 18 teenagers like that
they will treat their best friend in a
manner that would be considered abusive
for a 30 year old the way a 16 year old
treats her best friend would not be
acceptable for a 30 year old how the 30
year old would treat their co-worker or
colleague or if the 30 year old treated
their friend that way the frame would
walk out it's not just that this
hypothetical 18 year old is choosing to
be with an older man okay
the older man is choosing to be with her
the older man is taking on a
disproportionate and unequal
responsibility and the older man is
taking on a really strange form of
vulnerability that'll you know a lot of
people can't relate to and a lot of
people are not mature enough for that
there were a lot of guys let's say okay
let's say a guy who's 28 there were a
lot of guys who at 28 cannot cope with a
relationship with an 18 year old girl
precisely because it's this it's this
bizarre unequal relationship of
extraordinary and asymmetrical
responsibilities where she's gonna treat
him like an 18 year old and he's
supposed to treat her back with you know
a lot of care a lot of deference a lot
of responsibility no matter how abusive
or uncontrollable or crazy you know she
may be so as an older man in that
situation that's what you're signing up
for I think even though it's more rare I
think if joy an older woman signing up
with a teenage dude that's what she'd be
signing up for - I can remember I can
remember what I was like at 60 I
remember what I was like at 18 it's not
even about smart versus stupid you can
be brilliant as a teenager but you don't
know how to act you don't know how to
take responsibility you don't know you
know least of all does a teenager know
how to conduct herself or himself in a
home where they're taking care of young
children
it's an unbelievable imposition to
invite this teenage girl into your life
and SEM and then have her however take
care of your kids
it's anyway it's a huge commitment and
if you want to make this comparison to
the military then guess what and it's
Ian
you're the army you should be looking at
yourself as having an incredibly high
level of commitment and care towards
this teenager that that put herself you
know into your hands I mean really
people like to disrespect my truth but
the fact is that you know my name is I
don't know you